So, I cross-post all my videos to Tik
Tok and don't really look at it for
obvious reasons, but I unfortunately
opened the comment section yesterday and
what uh the golden dandelion boy. What
is What is this? Me when I step on
Golden Cheese Hemi boy. Golden dandel
What is going on? Wait, what is going
on?
Mango dandelion.
What? Uh, okay. I guess it was my video
on the Golden Dandelion. Is it this one?
Golden dandelion. It's 11 hours ago.
It's not even recent. Boy, Golden
Dandelion so tough. This is all like in
the last day. I don't get it. Wait, it's
all my videos. Wait, is it It's
literally every video. What? Boy, Golden
Dandelion. I don't get it. Golden
dandelion.
But then we got the golden dandelion,
which is a golden dandelion.
>> I have a hole in my
>> golden dandelion.
>> What?
>> Am I too old?
>> What was that noise? Me in my room.
>> What?
>> Then we got the golden dandelion, which
is a golden dandelion.
>> I'm I'm too old. Wow. It's over.
What? Stop.
>> I don't know what's happening.
There's a new use for so many videos.
>> The gold. Then we got the
>> number two.
>> Golden dandelion.
>> That is relatable.
>> I don't understand.
So, I made like a joke in this video
where I said they added a golden
dandelion, which is a golden dandelion,
like as a little joke I do sometimes.
And I guess I'm tough now. Okay.